this woman is in a room full of phones
she picked up one of the black phones
the phone said congratulations
you won the jackpot when she hung up
other phones rang again
[Music]
said the same thing what's even more
exaggerated is that the receiver of the
phone actually started to leak water
it won't take long for her to be drowned
here a movie
a story here is the pineapple movie
please listen to me
today i bring you a thriller
electromagnetic pulse you can never
think of the direction of the movie
time passed slowly the woman reached the
toilet on the ceiling with the help of
the buoyancy of the water
but the toilet flush handle is gone she
looked at the numbers on the note again
and seemed to have thought of something
finally found one of the phones and
dialed a number i didn't expect to get
the handle successfully
then sit on the toilet and drain the
water i thought it was a room escape
game
it turns out that this is just an
immersive vr game
the woman named max is an esports player
when i got home this day
the light bulb suddenly flickered the
whole city went out of power in an
instant and the phone was also
disconnected from the internet
in boredom max went to the warehouse and
searched for the book left by his
grandfather
that is a book called electromagnetic
pulse she connected the old radio
according to the method inside
i didn't expect to actually contact
grandpa grandpa is a doomsday mad and
made a series of preparations very early
unexpectedly the plaque turned from a
science fiction movie to a doomsday
max and his father went back to their
hometown to find grandpa
the father and daughter wanted to take a
shortcut but it was blocked because of a
car accident on the bridge
some people drove a hole directly
regardless of other people's life or
death max was scared by this scene for a
long time
finally fell asleep in a daze i woke up
and found that they had already started
when my father heard it he was
distracted and ran into a car aside
both of them fainted it's already the
next morning to wake up again
max only suffered a slight head injury
but his dad's injury was not minor
in order not to make max worry that he
kept hiding the two took things and
prepared to walk
i guess it won't be too far from grandpa
now
father walked slowly all the way and
still smiled forcefully but max finally
discovered the anomaly of his father
ready to check it out after opening the
clothes i discovered that my father's
bones were broken
being able to go so far is already
relying on firm will
but after all my father fell down max
hurried to find someone for help
fortunately there is a farm not far away
there is an old man here who drove max
to find his father
but soon my father is still in the world
max was heartbroken and could only bury
his father hastily
the world is no longer peaceful now the
old man worried about max's safety and
decided to send her to grandpa
but in the middle of the way they met
another person who was plotting bad
things
the old man was thrown away in the
wilderness max also took the opportunity
to sneak into the mountains
she met an old woman here the old woman
behaves strangely
her family is even more so grandson
quinn often plays with wolves
this family has always lived like this i
don't even know about the blackout
outside
the old woman asked max to eat bear meat
and rest here
it would be dangerous to go out so late
but max is not stupid and sweet
she knew she would be finished if she
stayed when she wanted to run
she was found and locked up they even
used max's bait to hunt bears
the old woman asked max to come out for
tea the next day
i also ran out of the olive branch to
her either join in or keep being locked
up fortunately there is also a grandson
quinn
who is barely a normal person quinn even
provided food for max and threw her
backpack in
even under max's persuasion he was going
to help her leave
max knows quinn is essentially a kind
person so i persuaded him to leave with
me
otherwise sooner or later you will be
trained to be perverted
but before they finish talking the
perverted father chased after him
the two ran all the way and almost fell
under the cliff
compared to a hunter max is still too
good in order to get max to leave quinn
choose to go face to face with his dad
at this moment
grandpa came and rescued the two
according to clues
as for the cause of this blackout it
doesn't matter anymore
now max quinn and grandpa live in the
mountains more comfortably than before
but after the movie was released the
comments were also polarized
my personal feeling is very general
because i never expected that there are
so many elements in a movie
the plot can be so plain and boring okay
that's all for today's story see you
next time for more exciting